[SHINOZAKI tensed]
Ah!
So, it's kinda cramped in here,
isn't it?
Uh-huh.
On the bright side,
they haven't noticed us.
-[YOSHIDA] Honeybee.
-[ITO] Teddy Bear.
-[YOSHIDA] Smooch!
-[ITO] Smooch!
[SHINOZAKI]
How in the world
did Senpai and I wind up
in such a sticky situation?
-[YOSHIDA] Smooch!
-[ITO] Smooch!
[SHINOZAKI] This is
not at all how I thought
today was gonna go.
So why do you need
old Meowtaro merchandise?
You know, Meowtaro's big day!
The company's putting it
together
to celebrate Meowtaro's
thirtieth anniversary.
Could you go down
to the basement
and grab some
out of storage please?
Sure, I don't mind.
Katase, why don't you go too.
He might need some help.
You can absolutely
count on us, sir!
[SHINOZAKI]
Hmm. Any luck?
[SHIORI]
Uh, not yet, unfortunately.
I'm starting to think it
might've all been thrown out.
-[SHIORI] Ah!
-Y'find it?
No, but I did find
a Meowtaro pen case
that's exactly like
the one I used to have.
[SHINOZAKI]
This place is a treasure trove
for any old-school
Meowtaro fans.
We should probably
finish looking
before we spend
the whole day down here.
-[phone blinks]
-Huh?
It's from the manager
on the office group chat.
[AKINA] It should be on one
of the shelves in the back.
-Oh.
-The back?
We did check
most everything around here.
I guess it's time
to head further in.
[SHINOZAKI]
Right.
[grins]
[HAYAKAWA] Why is your face
doing that thing again?
Hmm?
[AKINA]
I'm sensing something
sacchariferous
is about to happen.
Huh?
We still have so much more
to go through.
Got any idea
where we should start?
[SHINOZAKI]
That's the question.
I'll start bringing down
the boxes
on the upper shelves
and we'll go from there.
[door rattling]
Huh?
[ITO]
You sure it's safe?
[YOSHIDA] I promise.
No one ever comes down here.
Shinozaki quick, come and see.
Hmm?
[ITO] But what if someone
walks in on us?
[YOSHIDA] We'll cross
that bridge if we get to it.
Hey,
isn't that Ito from PR?
-And that's Yoshida.
-I swear.
What would PR need
from the basement?
-Could it be?
-Could it what?
Well, I don't want to
speak out of turn but...
How would you?
Teddy Bear!
Honeybee!
-Smooch!
-[SHIORI] I knew it!
-It's a real-life,
office romance!
Masa,
you're such a naughty boy.
Only because you bring it
out in me.
[giggle]
But we are at work.
[SHINOZAKI] She took
the words out of my mouth!
So the office gossip was true.
I never would've thought.
I mean, wow.
They're really together.
[SHINOZAKI]
And you're really staring!
I'm getting nervous
being so close to the door.
Does the thought
of getting caught excite you?
[ITO]
You're so bad.
[SHINOZAKI] What
if you've already been caught?
Better safe than sorry.
If we're gonna have fun,
we should do it further back.
[both panic]
-Oh, come on!
What are we gonna do, Senpai?
They'll be back here
any second now!
Senpai,
they're coming this way!
Let's not panic! All we need
is someplace to hide.
-Huh?
[both laughing]
[SHINOZAKI tensed]
[SHIORI tensed]
-[YOSHIDA] Honeybee.
-[ITO] Teddy Bear.
-[YOSHIDA] Smooch!
-[ITO] Smooch!
[SHINOZAKI] Well, at least
we found a place to hide.
So, it's kinda cramped
in here, isn't it?
Uh-huh.
On the bright side,
they haven't noticed us.
Although they have been
going at it for a while now.
Hopefully, they don't move
on to anything more involved.
Doubt it. I can't imagine
they'd do that in the office.
Still, we might be in here
for a while.
So, if I get all sweaty
and I start to smell bad
I'm really sorry about that.
No, it's okay.
I wouldn't really mind it
because I know that it's yours.
[SHINOZAKI] Oh! What's that
supposed to mean, Senpai?
Aah!
Ah.
[SHINOZAKI] Yep, that's
definitely Senpai's bust!
Pushing right up against me!
Senpai, I'm so sorry.
Hey, I caught it in time,
so no harm done.
Senpai, I swear
I take no pleasure...
It's fine, we're both in...
-...in this predicament!
-...a tight spot right now.
[SHINOZAKI]
We need to get out of here soon
'cause I can't take
much more of this!
Can someone please
hose those two down?
There's gotta be a way
to get them out of here!
Hey, Senpai!
I think I have an idea.
Well, let's hear it.
We can use the office
group chat to lure them away!
Where'd you guys go?
-Oh, crap!
[both scream]
-Hurray! We're free!
It's perfect. Right, Senpai?
Ah...
What's wrong?
There's a small snag
in your plan.
Normally, it wouldn't be
a big deal, but uh.
I put my phone away
in my back pocket.
Ah!
I'm gonna need your help
to get it.
Oh, sure.
[SHINOZAKI]
It'll be fine.
All I gotta do is reach around
and grab it.
With my hands.
[tense music]
New snag.
Is it okay if I adjust a bit?
I'll be careful
not to make too much noise.
[SHIORI]
Sure.
[YOSHIDA] There's no need
to be embarrassed.
[ITO chuckles]
[ITO] You're the one who
keeps on touching me like that.
[SHINOZAKI]
Sorry. I'm almost there.
[YOSHIDA]
Honeybee.
[ITO]
Teddy Bear.
-[YOSHIDA] Honeybee.
-[ITO] Teddy Bear.
[YOSHIDA]
Honeybee.
[ITO]
Teddy Bear.
[sighs]
[YOSHIDA] Oh, crap!
Katase wants us back.
Oh, no! We need to hurry
before she realizes
that we've been slacking off!
[both panting]
[door shuts]
So, I'm glad
that's finally over.
Yup, we're free at last.
Huh?
This looks familiar.
It's the Meowtaro merch
we've been looking for!
-All right!
I guess getting trapped
had a bright side!
Who knew?
-Ah.
-Uh.
Well, we should be heading back
ourselves now.
Yeah. Let's go.
[AKINA]
The vibes!
I'm sensing shenanigans.
You good?
[AKINA]
Preciousness can be detected
with the sixth sense.
[flustering]
Um...
-[SHIORI] Okay.
-[SHINOZAKI] Okay.
[BOTH]
Guess it's no sleep for me.
[wolf howling]
[SHIORI]
My Tiny Senpai
will be back
before you know it.
What's round and soft
and fluffy all over?
[SHINOZAKI]
Huh? Huh?
[SHINOZAKI yawning]
[SHINOZAKI]
As expected
I didn't get
any sleep last night.
[yawning]
[SHIORI] I couldn't sleep
a wink no matter what I did.
[AKINA] Those two have
been acting strangely
since they got back
from the basement.
Is it possible there've been
some new developments
between them that
they want to keep secret?
[birds chirping]
[SHINOZAKI] Looks like
I didn't get much sleep again.
Good, you're up.
So what's this new thing
with you and Shiori?
Hey, don't you have a job
to get ready for or something?
Chihiro told me that there
have been some developments.
Would you care to tell me
how long
you've been exchanging intel
with my manager?
And for that matter,
since when exactly
did you start calling him
Chihiro?
Look, nothing is going on
between me and Senpai.
-[sniffing]
-Please, stop that.
I smell eau de Shiorin on you.
Aah!
For it to be so noticeable,
you two must have spent a
lot of time in close proximity.
Therefore, I can only conclude
that you two were trapped
together in a closet or locker.
[SHINOZAKI]
How does she do that?
Thanks, sis.
I was trying to
forget about it,
but now it's
all I can think about.
It's like my brain is stuck
in a loop.
And now I'm just anxious.
I gotta deal with this.
All right.
Today's the day I tell her.
-[SHIORI] Hey, Shinozaki?
-Yes?
A delivery just came in for us.
Mind coming with me
to general affairs
to help with it?
Sure, no problem.
Uh. Is there something wrong?
No. It's nothing.
Oh.
[SHINOZAKI] She's not acting
like anything
is different between us.
Maybe for her, what happened
was just an accident.
But then, maybe
I'm not seeing something.
Maybe she feels
the same way as me.
-Hold on.
-Huh?
Senpai, may I speak with you
after work?
Ah...
There's something I'd like
to discuss with you privately.
Yeah, no problem.
[HAYAKAWA] It blows my
mind how cute Meowtaro is.
I know. I am like,
completely addicted to
how floppy his ears are.
That's a great way to put it.
No wonder he's been around
for thirty years.
[SHIORI] He must have
something important to tell me.
Why else would he want
to talk privately?
What could it be?
What's that important?
Sorry for the wait.
You wanted to talk to me?
Senpai.
Huh.
I love you and I really
want to be your boyfriend!
Aaah!
[SHIORI]
That is a massively
gigantic-sized
conclusion to jump to!
It's probably something
way more innocent
like needing work advice or
help with a personal problem.
But then
what if that is what
he wants to talk to me about?
What would I do?
[YAMAGISHI] Katase, have
you heard the latest gossip?
Uh?
Apparently, Yoshida in PR
is getting reassigned.
[SHIORI]
Huh? What happened?
[YAMAGISHI] The story
is that he got caught
fooling around with Ito while
they were both on the clock.
It's true,
a ton of people saw them.
They were so into each other
they didn't notice.
Isn't that kinda
what usually happens
when people have
an office romance?
It can.
This time it's mostly because
they basically
stopped doing any work.
[sighs]
Reassignment.
Oh, I admit,
it did come as a shock.
Those two were always
so cool and together,
I figured they were
on top of things.
Then again.
-[YOSHIDA] Hold me, my love!
-[ITO] I'll never let go!
[YOSHIDA]
Neither will I.
It happens. A girlfriend
can really change a man.
That is so true.
Are you sure
that's a real thing?
Yeah, and it's super common.
Some guys end up acting
all cool.
[SHINOZAKI]
Oh, this thing? She's my chick.
Think she's cute?
Nah, she's average.
[YAMAGISHI] Some guys
will white knight too hard.
[SHINOZAKI]
Back off. I better not see you
look at her or we're going to
have a problem.
[gasps]
Yeah, and it's always
the quiet, down-to-earth ones
who totally lose it
when they get a girlfriend.
The worst ones are the guys
who go full baby
the second they start dating.
It's that bad?
Yeah, it's super weird.
It's all baby voice
and head pats.
[SHINOZAKI]
Senpai, I'm so sleepy.
Gimme headpats please?
Well, you have been a good boy.
I guess you've earned one.
[SHIORI]
Oh, that's cute.
I don't think
that's the worst thing
a guy can do, is it?
It could be kinda cute.
To you. But then you've always
had a bit of a shot a-con vibe.
Wait? But I, that's not. No.
I-I-I... I didn't mean.
Speaking of types,
what's yours, Hayakawa?
Huh? Oh, well, well, you know.
I like guys who are sweet,
hardworking and reliable
so I can trust them
to always look out for me
and never judge my hobbies.
What you just described
doesn't exist.
Best move on.
[ITO]
Mind if I chime in?
[YAMAGISHI]
Ito, what's up?
I agree with you
that women can change men.
However.
The reverse is also
just as true.
[All]
Ah!
[YOSHIDA]
There you are!
So, this is where
you've been hiding, Honeybee.
Oh, Masa!
Forgive me! I never meant
to abandon you like that!
[ITO]
There's no need!
Absence only makes
the heart grow fonder.
Don't you think so?
[YOSHIDA]
I do, with all my heart.
[smiles]
Honeybee.
Teddy Bear.
[both]
Smoochie!
They've lost their minds.
They went full idiot.
It's like a car wreck.
I can't not look.
I had to get out of there.
Things were getting
too spicy for me.
Is that what it's like
for everyone?
Would we be the same?
[SHINOZAKI]
Forgive me!
I left you alone
for ten seconds!
[SHIORI]
Huh? There's no need!
Absence only makes
the heart grow fonder!
Don't you think so?
I do with all my heart.
Shiorin.
Takkun.
-Squee!
[SHIORI]
That would just be so stupid.
Mmm!
[SHINOZAKI] I'm finally going
to tell Senpai everything.
I need to be strong.
I can't run away!
[SHIORI]
Sorry for the wait.
Senpai.
You know, it's great how
we're such good coworkers
and I don't want
that to change.
Ah!
[SHIORI] Because
I don't want to turn
into a brain-dead idiot.
I think it's wonderful
to have a relationship
that stays the same forever.
[SHIORI]And avoid the nightmare
of becoming a dopey doofus.
Ah.
I'm sorry, I didn't mean
to just show up
and talk all over you.
What was it
you wanted to chat about?
Ah...
Oh, yeah, that.
I wanted to say
the exact same thing!
How perfect!
Look at us
being on the same page.
I'm with you.
[SHIORI] You had me
worried it was really serious,
like work troubles
or something!
You heading home? We could
walk to the station together.
[SHINOZAKI]
I'm with you.
Ha! It's time
for Magical Girl, Shiorin!
Episode one,
"Action! Shiorin"!
We've got big trouble, Shiorin!
Oh what is it, Yutakappi?
Bad guys!
The Demon Lord's in town!
That's no good!
There's no time to lose!
Yeah!
[mysterious music]
[laughs]
[SHIORI]
Hold it right there!
Huh?
It's over. Demon Lord!
Magical Girl Shiorin
will stop you!
So you're finally here,
Magical Girl.
It's nice to meet you.
[gasps]
I'm here to take over as
the new Demon Lord, ma'am.
And I very much look forward
to working with you!
Right backatcha!
Great.
Now it's my turn!
It's a pleasure
to make your acquaintance.
I sure hope that
we can work well together.
Oh, that's such a nice card!
I guess I'm still trying
to find my bearings here.
Hey,
we all have to start somewhere.
This is only my third year
doing this.
Oh, wow.
Huh?
I think it's safe for you
to put the business card
away now.
Ah.
Yes. Right.
Finding the right time to do it
is a skill in itself,
am I right?
It really is, isn't it?
Ha! It's time
for Magical Girl, Shiorin!
Episode twenty-five,
"Disaster! Shiorin"!
Ah, I see.
This is not good.
I'm so sorry. Is there
something you can do?
You do know you need
that to transform, right.
How did it get so beat up
in the first place?
I was in a rush
and it fell out of my bag
while I was running.
It's not a phone!
Hey. Bad guys!
What awful timing!
Crime waits for no one!
But I.
[HAYAKAWA]
Here you go.
It's an old one
but it'll do for now.
[SHIORI]
It's not that model, is it?
[HAYAKAWA] There's no time
and we're out of options!
[SHIORI]
Hold it right there!
[laughs] So, we meet again,
Magical Girl--
[screaming]
What happened
to your old uniform?
I had a bit of an accident.
I'm using
an old transformation compact.
[SHINOZAKI]
The old days were spicy!
Well, defeating you when
you're not at your best
wouldn't be the same.
So how about we call it a day?
I would appreciate that.
And thank you. I'll do better.
[AKINA]
It appears this old Demon Lord
still has some work to do.
[SHIORI]
To be continued!